What is this?
I'm so sorry about earlier, Mr. Croft.
Complete accident.
No, never mind.
Listen, listen, I need you to help me pick out an engagement ring, OK?
Engage my ring?
At least Ciz Eleanor's best friend.
They probably have similar taste.
Which one do you like?
This one, I guess.
Could be, please, take a look at that one.
Mr. Croft, what are you doing?
Come on, I want to see how it looks.
I'll try it on.
It's gorgeous.
Aren't you guys a perfect match?
No, you're not.
No, I'm just trying it on for my boss.
The ring is for his fiance.
Could you go and could we wrap that up, please?
Mr. Croft, this ring features a flawless and rare 8.5
carat diamond.
It's priced at $3 million.
All right then.
Could you also add on a few of the most popular as well?
Wow.
No expenses spared when it comes to Mr. Croft's fiance.
Will you marry?
And all I got was a broken promise.
Oh, Mr. Croft, this ring costs a fortune.
What if she doesn't like it?
Maybe you should ask her first.
No way.